what's up ladies and gents semester no
one with an update very unusual for me
to actually be doing these updates you
guys don't really get to see them as
much as I would like to be able to do
these but this is kind of a big update
for me and I wanted to just pretty much
dive right into it well as you can tell
from the title already that I have now
been sponsored by Ubisoft what this
means is that all Ubisoft games I'm
gonna be able to get early copies up and
I'm gonna be able to put out content and
all that kind of stuff for those games
before the public which is great because
save for games like Assassin's Creed 4
and watchdogs which are new upcoming
games of course I'm gonna be able to
play those put those out on my channel
for you before anyone else ok this was
so cool and I'll kind of explain what
happened here you know know why I check
my inbox every day I get a lot of emails
every day on YouTube and I check it out
you know people that want me to give a
shout out or people that want me to
check out their videos to kind of get
them started with Let's Plays and
whatnot and get their channel growing
well then I saw something in there from
someone I'm not gonna say who it was and
it said hey you know I'm a PR from
Ubisoft and I would I would love to see
if we can do some collaboration together
after seeing your channel you've got a
lot of views on you know the kind of
stuff that we that we like and we would
like to be able to make you an offer for
something and I wasn't sure if this was
like 100% true because you know YouTube
you just you can't be honest and you
can't be like for sure if everything is
real so you know I did what I would
normally do is I said okay sure let me
just find out some more information on
him well a week goes by and I didn't
hear anything from the guy he gave me
his email address I sent him an email I
just you know was pretty much like yeah
just let me know some more information I
just want to make sure that this is real
and whatnot
and I didn't hear anything so I thought
okay so it's probably just some you know
guy just trying to piss me off or
whatever and so you know it happens but
you know I sent the guy a message on
YouTube saying hey I sent you an email
you know whenever you get a chance read
it and I just forgot about it you know
it's a little over a week maybe two
weeks went by and what was really cool
was that all of a sudden I got this
message from this guy in my inbox on
YouTube and he was like oh my gosh I
can't believe I didn't see your messages
was accidentally sent to the spam folder
so my messages were in anybody just
wasn't getting and that's why I never
replied to me so once we finally got to
talk in and all that kind of stuff and
and he was explaining to me what the
deal is and pretty much the deal is that
I'll be able to get all the new Ubisoft
games in advance and I'll be able to put
out walkthroughs and put out you know
reviews the games and footage and all
that kind of stuff before that they are
actually released and I don't have to
worry about copyright or anything that
is they're actually giving me permission
to put that stuff out this is great for
the channel because everybody knows
Ubisoft is pretty much the company that
made my channel if you look at Splinter
Cell you've got Ghost Recon all the Tom
Clancy games you know the the stealthy
games the spy games it's just Ubisoft
Assassin's Creed all that kind of stuff
it's it's the kind of channel this is
this is a stealth genre kind of channel
we don't also play other stuff too just
to kind of please everybody and make
sure that you know we're all a huge
family and everything but that is that's
- you know that's that's kind of that's
my clique that's what I do and it's so
awesome to be able to do this now to be
able to get this stuff out to you first
so this is so cool that I'm gonna be
able to play Assassin's Creed for weeks
before it's actually out and the same
goes for watchdogs and it's just gonna
be so great the actual next game that
I'm gonna get in my hands which is the
next Ubisoft game that comes out from
what they told me is going to be what
was it it's gonna be rock Smith so the
new rock star that's gonna be coming out
that's I'm actually gonna put that on my
channel I'm allowed to you know even
though it's got all that stuff Ubisoft
is gonna give me permission to go ahead
and put videos and stuff like that out
which is really cool and of course after
that we'll be at the end of October and
that's gonna be Assassin's Creed 4 and
as well as you know watchdogs of whatnot
now I'm not sure if I'm gonna get the
new versions like say of the Xbox one
version of these games early or not
because I can't get an Xbox one and so
it actually releases and of course these
games come out on 360 first so
unfortunately not gonna be able to see
the next-gen versions of these early but
you will be able to see the games in
general early before anyone else so I
will be starting you know my
hundred-percent
sink walkthrough and all that kind of
stuff and of course we're gonna be
hitting up watch times it's gonna be so
great this is gonna be huge for the
channel and of course this would not be
happening if it wasn't for you guys out
there I'm so sorry that I don't get a
chance to do these updates as much as I
would like
life is just moving by me so fast with
the army I've got literally just this
weekend alone I don't have any time to
do anything I will be working all
weekend I have three Rockman jobs that I
got to do because I'm the drummer in the
rock band we've got to go here we gotta
go there we're gonna go there all
weekend and there's some other stuff
going on I'm gonna try to get as much
content and all that out as I can but I
do want to apologize that there's not
gonna be as much this weekend say is
last week or the other weekends but I
will definitely try to do my best to get
out what I can in a good timely manner
for you guys and of course again just
thank you so much for everything that
you guys do this channel is just really
taking off it's finally getting the
steam that I've wanted behind it for
quite some time
and you know we're almost at what 68,000
subscribers now and I mean it's just
like wow I cannot wait til I get 200 I'm
shooting for a 100,000 subscribers by
the end of the year that would be just
an amazing feat and I think I think that
we can do it especially Ubisoft has
given me this chance to really brighten
the channel and I hope that I can bring
these videos and stuff out there to you
guys that way you could come up with
decisions faster to buy these games
because I mean in my opinion every game
I play from you Sophos I've just always
got a great warm and fuzzy about and I
know that they're gonna deliver with
Assassin's Creed 4 and watchdogs and
that's just gonna be so good I'm so
excited for this but like I said I would
not be here right now if it wasn't for
every single one of you new and old
thank you so much for what you do you
helped me kind of bring cheer to people
out there that need a little uplifting
that don't have time to play games you
know and it's it's it's so moving of
what I get to do I know I've said that a
lot but I really mean it I don't want to
be one of those let's players out there
that that gets a game ok and plays it as
fast as he can just to get it out just
so he can get views everything that
you've always seen is I try to make it's
a way that the games are supposed to be
played depending on
how the actual how the developers have
made the game now you guys might be
thinking okay well Splinter Cell
blacklist I did all those kind of
speedrun throughs of it well that was
because that's what they made this game
for it it's this is like conviction to
you know it's not the old old Splinter
Cell so in that way it's like okay you
can go through these games really really
slow but you saw how it kind of affected
the gameplay a little bit the slower you
went because the games were tailored
towards that this is a new generation
we're moving on you know we're doing
things differently but I will always
make sure that when I put out games and
I do stuff if I get more subscribers and
it gets bigger and bigger I will not
forget anybody out there and I will
always maintain exactly what I started
out with and the premise that I always
started out with and that's to bring the
best content to you guys to get you
involved in the game itself to really
bring you in with me on the other side
of the screen and have you guys feel
what I'm feeling at that time so again
thank you so much for watching hopefully
like this update I know I don't do a lot
of them but I wanted to start doing a
lot of them so that way you guys know
what's going on with the channel and try
to get it more serious because the more
this picks up you know the more time I
want to put into everything and and get
it good so again thank you so much this
is a great thing for the channel and
thank you for watching and I will see
you next time
peace out bitches